right okay so we're going to attempt to
start your Murphy's Mazda rx-7 of my
Honda Accord well for sure yeah give her
a gun
all right stop stop all right yeah you
probably have a I'll do the fuse no cuz
it was turning out of a fast enough well
it did pretty much yeah you know it's on
the verge of it it'll be all right
nice focusing here what do we want ezgi
injections all right give her a spin
just for people who don't know cuz this
might end up on YouTube um do this in
case your rotary engine floods and then
it D floods its head after weight number
two
all right it's not flooded I'll just
start mine up and we'll give it again
yeah cuz it's a standard David go see
well is just fuel going down the exhaust
way oh god yeah alright oh no go go we
need to get it going
all right stop stop stop stop I'll do
the fuse again
sissie
all right
all right give her a go
there we go
oh yeah
Hey
yeah all right
you go connect your battery up to your
car
my job
laughs monkey driveway to reverse
Alton's
I haven't
ah she's really nice now yeah
you can even tell on the camera
smokey that it is key
yeah Kabul giving it juice yeah there's
nothing in God no don't walk in don't
walk in why too many hydrocarbons month
geez
hey we gotta go in there
I'd be quite an interesting video you
never know